# Version 0.3.0
Released `October 13th, 2024`

!!! info
    This information was gathered after looking retroactively at the source code and comparing this to the previous version; changelogs were not generated at the time of this release. Information may not be completely accurate.

## Breaking Changes
- `set_renderer` method in `Engine` moved to constructor for automatic handling with new `renderer` constructor parameter.
- `Text`.`set_color` `color` parameter type changed from `IntVector3` to `str` to reflect new color option changes.

## Additions
- New `Area`.`calculate_position` method (moved from `Button`.`_calculate_position`).
- Made `text` parameter in `Button` constructor optional.
- New `draw` module with draw methods made available.
- `renderer`, `size`, and `iconFilepath` parameters added to `Engine` constructor.
- New `input` module with `TextInput` UI object.
- `Scene` internal rendering logic now supports clearing the screen with `OpenGL` and the `Engine`'s background color.
- `mods` parameter added to key-related events in `Scene`.
- New `on_render` method in `Scene`. Developers should change their code to put logic/object updates into `on_update` and keep `on_render` only for rendering objects.
- Changed `text` parameter type in `Text` constructor from `pygame.font.Font` to `wame.Font`
- New `add_color_option` and `add_font_option` methods to `Text`.
- `Text`.`set_text` returns itself to enable call chaining.

## Fixes
- Renamed `Button`.`_rect` to `rect` to fix attribute errors.